[Music]
ukrane idees here in the united states
you know I say this a lot it feels like
it I say this every night now but today
really was nuts it was it's hard to
imagine that news saying the President
of the United States wanted to build a
moat filled with alligators and snakes
to eat families coming over the border
it would be the second biggest story of
the day but somehow it is that a new
book by a couple of writers from New
York Times cites multiple sources in the
administration who say Trump wanted a
moat he wanted snakes he wanted
alligators wanted an electrified wall
with spikes on top to keep immigrants
out he said was said to be so frustrated
by lack of progress on his stupid wall
one point he shouted it everybody said
Iran on this issue you guys are making
me look like an idiot and they're like
sorry mr. president tell us more about
this moat full of alligators and snakes
according to the book during that same
meeting Trump suggested shooting
migrants who crossed the border and when
the people said oh no no we can't we
can't do that he said no shoot him in
the leg she slowed them down and then he
he had them run a cost analysis for this
plan for the the shooting and attack
snakes plan and that should be it right
that shouldn't that result in everyone
being escorted out of the White House
and back into the wild it should but it
but it hasn't and the president of
course denied these allegations this
morning he wrote now the press is trying
to sell the fact that I wanted a mood
stuffed with alligators a snake
the mood is like a Canadian moat it's a
different on the southern border he's
building up a moat and at the top there
will be a mood
not only did Trump tweet denial he
yelled at a reporter who asked him about
it so these two reporters wrote this
book and they said I want to moat with
alligators snakes electrified fences so
people get electrocuted if they so much
as touched the fence and spikes on top
never said it never thought of it and I
actually put out something on social
media today I said I'm tough from the
border but I'm not that tough okay it
was alive it was alive he don't want
alligators he wanted dragons wood fire
in their mouth but when the Khaleesi had
this story by the way was corroborated
by a dozen White House officials who
spoke on condition of anonymity which it
doesn't well that's like all of them I
think how many officials could be left
and this idea of moats and alligators
you have to wonder where the hell would
Trump get an idea like this they're
gonna say we need to quadruple the
Border Patrol or they'll want a higher
fence maybe they'll need a moat maybe
they want alligators in the Obama and
his jokes again have us in effects
thanks Obama
so anyway now we have a new scandal
Gator gate and what is horrible that is
as that is and and it is horrible and we
must not forget that the main event in
Washington DC right now is impeachment
all the president's henchmen are getting
in on this today we learned that the
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was part
of Trump's now infamous call with the
president of Ukraine even though he
initially acted like he didn't know
anything about it when they asked Pompeo
held a press conference in Italy today
where he admitted that on second thought
he was on the call so oops
as for was I and the phone call was on
the phone call the phone call was in the
context of now I guess I've been the
Secretary of State for coming on a year
and a half I know
say whether the American policy is with
respect to Ukraine it's been remarkably
consistent and we will continue to try
to drive those set of outcomes I think
that means six more weeks of impeachment
I noticed something is there's a very
distinct pattern when Trump or one of
his characters get caught on something
first they deny it or they play dumb and
then they say I did do it but they act
like it was no big deal
and then they say they didn't do it
after they said they did it Pompeyo
right now is that stage two of that give
him a couple of days and with all this
shrapnel coming at him the president is
absolutely melting down today he
continued his attacks on the chairman of
the House Intelligence Committee Adam
Schiff he called Schiff a low-life he
repeatedly accused him of treason which
is a word he definitely doesn't know the
definition of it he floated a theory
that Schiff wrote the whistleblowers
report for him based on nothing and he
even gave him a new nickname you know
chrome shifty shift will call him shifty
ship for nothing he's a shifty dishonest
guy and this guy was negative when Mike
Pompeo he can't you know there's an
expression he couldn't carry his blank
strap I won't say it because they'll say
it was so terrible to say but that guy
couldn't carry his blank strap do you
understand that I'm not sure I do let's
go to our experts to find out teen dumb
Donald is really dumb they got a letter
from a politician asking for support but
instead of money he sent the politician
to blame
oh yeah you can you can now Wow isn't
that something
if you go through all the old seasons as
a match game you could predict all of
the future it's incredible so the ship
is hitting the tan and the president
even tweeted a curse word today in all
caps he's not having he could use about
a million rounds of golf right now he
says this investigation has nothing to
do with his perfect call to Ukraine he
says the Democrats have been out to get
him since the day he was sworn in
shifty shift who should resign in
disgrace by the way and Jerry Nadler and
all of them it's a disgrace what's going
on think of it you have a perfect I mean
perfect conversation with a president of
another country Ukraine in this case and
they try and say oh let's impeach him
they've been trying to impeach me from
the day I got elected I've been going
through this for three years they've
been trying to impeach me from the day I
got elected hey guess what they're about
to get their wish
[Music]
but I have to say I do think these guys
are going about this the wrong way
Democrats need to stop using the word
impeach he gets defensive what they
should tell them they should say listen
mr. president you've done an amazing job
we've done such an amazing job we are
sending you right to the Hall of Fame
you will be the first inductee into the
president Hall of Fame now we're gonna
retire jersey go get your stuff we'll
have a ceremony maybe a parade
then just lead him into a hall of some
kind and lock him in it maybe and throw
a few of those snakes and alligators in
there while an innocent bystander in all
of this today was the president of
Finland this poor guy was unfortunate
enough to be standing right next to
Trump during his crazy press conference
he was in America today to bear witness
to our president throwing a televised
tantrum the likes of with which the
Finnish have probably never seen I've
done more and this administration has
done more than any Administration in the
history of this country in the first two
and a half years I'm used to it
for me it's like putting on a suit in
the matter people have said to me how
does he handle it rush limbaugh said I
don't know of any man
Sean Hannity said the same thing others
have said percent the finished president
even got a chance to see Trump take a
shot at Speaker of the House
it really Trump's saved his best
material of the day for Nancy Pelosi we
won the election and then they get
served with subpoenas all these
subpoenas now look at Nancy Pelosi Nancy
Pelosi hands out subpoenas like you know
she has to approve it she hands out
subpoenas like their cookies you want a
subpoena here you go take them like
their cookies Paul Ryan would not give
subpoenas Nancy Pelosi here you go take
it who wants a subpoena every day you
get subpoenas right now open your mouth
mister more subpoenas because you're the
Cookie Monster and if you don't believe
the president that this is all a hoax
well just just ask his his good pal
Vladimir let me just tell you the whole
thing is a scam the Muller deal was a
scam the Russian collusion was a scam
you can ask Putin nobody's been rougher
on Russia
[Applause]
Putin said I see nothing compromising in
the conversation between Trump and
Lansky any head of state would have had
to do the same they've been using any
excuse to attack president Trump now
it's Ukraine I think that's really sweet
that he stands by his man like that but
then Putin joked that Russia is planning
to interfere in the 2020 election they
asked him will you be interfering an
election and an audience of Russia he
said I'll tell you a secret yes we'll
definitely do it just don't tell anyone
he loves he loves this so much he he
said he did it once he's gonna do it
twice it's like Lucy pulling the
football away from Charlie Brown it's
only in this case Charlie Brown is Donny
orange and we are the
I don't know what we are guess where's
the dirt and as if that all wasn't
enough the Inspector General of the
State Department called an urgent
meeting with members of Congress he
scheduled it yesterday for this morning
no one knew why all we knew is that it
was highly unusual and after the meeting
jamie raskin who's on the House
Oversight Committee held a strange
little chat with the press and he wanted
to give us a packet of information which
is unclassified which originally arrived
at the Department of the state addressed
to secretary Pompeo and looked like this
so it's in calligraphy
it says secretary Pompeo attention Ruth
and it says the White House so he may
have come from the White House and may
not we don't know
then there are a series of folders which
all come from Trump hotels so folder
after folder that say Trump hotel now I
haven't had time to thoroughly
scrutinize everything that's in here but
it's essentially a packet of propaganda
right so they got a packet of propaganda
which is apparently full of crazy
stories about Joe Biden and other people
Trump doesn't like no knows who put it
together but whoever it was wrote on the
front of it in calligraphy to secretary
Pompeo the White House and then they put
all the propaganda in folders from the
Trump Hotel now if this is from someone
who's working in support of Donald Trump
that person is an idiot which
considering who we're dealing with the
area's entirely maybe even probable not
just possible
can you imagine they put packets of
conspiracy theories in folders that say
Trump Hotel on them and send it to the
State Department
it almost has to be the president who
did that I wonder if any of it was
written in sharpie because I am Jimmy
Kimmel click below to subscribe to our
YouTube channel or if you want to be
that way about it though